README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# The Recipe App.

> This app helps you search all recipes on the internet and provides you with all necessary information you need about the recipe. You can comment, reserve or like a recipe.

![screenshot](./app-screenshot1.png)

## Built With

- HTML, CSS and Js (ES6).
- No Frameworks
- Webpack
- Git, Github and VsCode.
-Jest framework

### Live Demo
 - Click [here]() for the live site.

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
- A modern upto-date browser
- Text Editor or IDE

### Setup
 - copy the git link for cloning.

### Install
 - Open terminal
 - run git clone (link)
 - run nmp install
 - run npm build
 - run npm start

### Tests
- run npm test


### Usage
- open index.html file with a server or localhost.

## Authors

👤 ** Atugonza Billions joel**

- GitHub: [@billionsjoel](https://github.com/billionsjoel)
- Twitter: [@billionsjoel](https://twitter.com/BillionsJoel)
- LinkedIn: [billionsjoel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/billionsjoel/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

Commit message:

Add some changes in README.md file

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# The Recipe App.

> This app helps you search all recipes on the internet and provides you with all necessary information you need about the recipe. You can comment, reserve or like a recipe.

![screenshot](./app-screenshot1.png)

## Built With

- HTML, CSS and Js (ES6).
- No Frameworks
- Webpack
- Git, Github and VsCode.
-Jest framework

### Live Demo
 - Click [here]() for the live site.

## Getting Started

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Prerequisites
- A modern upto-date browser
- Text Editor or IDE

### Setup
 1. Clone the Repo or Download the Zip file or ``` https://github.com/billionsjoel/spoonify.git ```.
 2. ``` cd/spoonify ```

### Install
 After cloning the project you need to run these commands
 - `` nmp install `` `` This command will download all the dependancies of the project ``
 - `` npm run build ``
 - `` npm run start ``

### Tests
- run npm test


### Usage
- open index.html file with a server or localhost.

## Authors

👤 ** Atugonza Billions joel**

- GitHub: [@billionsjoel](https://github.com/billionsjoel)
- Twitter: [@billionsjoel](https://twitter.com/BillionsJoel)
- LinkedIn: [billionsjoel](https://www.linkedin.com/in/billionsjoel/)

👤 ** Tresor Sawasawa **

- GitHub: [@tresorsawasawa](https://github.com/tresorsawasawa)
- Twitter: [@tresorsawasawa](https://twitter.com/TresorSawasawa)
- LinkedIn: [Trésor Sawasawa](https://www.linkedin.com/in/tr%C3%A9sor-sawasawa-43745320b/)


## 🤝 Contributing

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- Hat tip to anyone whose code was used
- Inspiration
- etc

## 📝 License

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.
